[Docs] Fix doc typos in MMDetection 3.x (#8818)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/user_guides/config.md

        type='ResNet',
        depth=50,  # The depth of backbone, usually it is 50 or 101 for ResNet and ResNext backbones.
        num_stages=4,  # Number of stages of the backbone.
        out_indices=(0, 1, 2, 3),  # The index of output feature maps produced in each stage
        frozen_stages=1,  # The weights in the first stage are frozen
        norm_cfg=dict(  # The config of normalization layers.
            type='BN',  # Type of norm layer, usually it is BN or GN
            requires_grad=True),  # Whether to train the gamma and beta in BN
        norm_eval=True,  # Whether to freeze the statistics in BN
        style='pytorch', # The style of backbone, 'pytorch' means that stride 2 layers are in 3x3 Conv, 'caffe' means stride 2 layers are in 1x1 Convs.

>     	init_cfg=dict(type='Pretrained', checkpoint='torchvision://resnet50')),  # The ImageNet pretrained backbone to be loaded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    	init_cfg=dict(type='Pretrained', checkpoint='torchvision://resnet50')),  # The ImageNet pre-trained backbone to be loaded
```
